hello all the andrea seats I want
do it minion mini goes well for me i am
normal things are not really mini anyway
it is not that they are so many things then yesterday
my mother went to siliqua instead
I needed two sweaters to do
gym for so i took two
simple oral t shirt with zoom
because otherwise you see nothing two shirts
simple these are one black and one
white because they were social hung
practically in pairs if you wouldn't have
he took two black but then took it
also a headband skirt because I saw
they were alboran, however it is the things and
they only had me that I am
at all
I am proof of this
excuses me but I know that I am
first wanted then learned the l here
because there is no problem anyway
shows but has known that m
and so this is a bit more
however huge big really is the
color is precisely this gray blue
I don't know what a smoky face and then there's black
it is very pretty however you see great
but still the card chosen at random
so if I want I can go
to change then we stopped by coin
they did however be a very thing
fast because we had the dog at home from
only and therefore wanted to leave it are
although with me I sit a little
so I should get used to it as I was done
for the second time the infamous
brown pencil
since it needed welded to lose another
home here tomorrow not put on in fact me
the brown pencil was missing a little
then instead she as I know I swear
that interest you neither from coin
but if taken anyway you know just what
made me take the brush and da
eye shadow because suborder peaches itself
made by zoeva did not take it because
in the peppery I had already put so much euro
which in any case is my expense
and also of another person then
this did not enter for the piece e
so it was made to take that is the
classic brush that eye shadow there
of the purple this is the essence
then she liked this eye shadow here
it's called yes ai which is the name there is
ganzo you know that is the writing so is the
ganzo is practically a
she goes passes for the blue and is
very good on the eyes
and yet it is not really a heavenly heavenly
there is a little metal but there is also a
I scream if I wanted to smell
milan author this is some more here
however there is a particular because it is a blue
but also a very beautiful gray
as a particular color it was supposed to
take a mascara and recommended
this thing because she had black
what an event a pea price
because she had black was the
green and she liked this one anyway
the multi action maybe the one with the
mother I don't know why because I had
the orange one that now though
I have it in my folder because
exhausted, an infinite and this is it
however it is normal but
lxicon lcd in court manner take up
I want to see if this mascarato at
Mom, I 've already got here
and this is the purpose of a huge one
said you can't take it to grow
so short that then all mad all
and then which she did take this
what this shirt is I forgot
something like this has also tried this
golfino pawn this pretty hit but
like fuck
all the shorts however there is
a lot of this golf course that
practically done it seems done but we give
obviously eating though is nice because
military green and bo is nice too
because it suits me they don't put on weight
smagrisce is so and very smooth and nothing
like this is really so much pleasure
he paid this here 20
I like it a lot and then canducci
I have permanently put this on
tank top here, however, I like mine
when paired because the boat neckline
I don't like to see this one though
this morning at the flaw so I put it there
this, however, which is a canottierina
I had bought
that so to repeat and then it can be
broken in this way but here it is not me
like it and so much because the school is a
100 strange questions like that
I do not know I was going to show the
things I had bought this that me
I must not do them because it makes me struggle to
show things and so on
so don't kiss me in a lake
to know if the things I bought that
they liked and then there will also be
another thing I have to appear on
new mascara
I wanted to buy the effect one
Feathered of miguel that guy fuchsia
with a writing of heavenly it seems to me to be up
olives both proven let me know what they do
think why I saw the review has
made my own and I liked the effect it
I will give as exhausted as I wanted to take
weight
and if you know, write me the price too
because i think they were put a
comment if 9 12 11 down there where a
big kiss and see you the
next video hello
Hello